W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-publish-agent-network-assets.adoc

= Publish Agent Network Assets

Build and publish your agent network project as Anypoint Exchange assets. When you publish, an asset is created for each broker, agent, and MCP server that's in your agent network. The asset ID is the value of the `name` key in `agent-network.yaml`.

For example, suppose you have an agent name of `badging-agent` in `agent-network.yaml`. After it's published, the Exchange `assetId` is `badging-agent`.

[NOTE]
====
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see xref:af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc[].
====

== Before You Begin Publishing Agent Networks

Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

If you want to publish your project assets to a different business group, update the relevant `groupId` in `exchange.json`.

== Publish Your Agent Network Assets to Anypoint Exchange

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you publish your agent network assets. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to publish your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you publish your agent network assets. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to publish your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```
